So the first thing we're going to do is we're going to put together the scaffolding of the structure
of this application, so you can see at the bottom here we do have this nice floating action button.
That's what we're going to be putting together.
So we're going to use a scaffold so we can add at the top bar and so forth.
OK, let's get started.
So opening our reader home screen.
So at this point, we just have this text.
I am home, which is not flattering.
So we're going to get rid of this altogether because we are going to make this even better and make
this beautiful and get to what we want and show you exactly what we need to do.
All right.
So the first thing, of course, I'm going to add is scaffolding here or scaffold.
And if you have a over a can see that we can pass through arguments here for our scaffold modifier,
of course, have top bar, bottom bar, snack bar host.
And of course, we will be able to add content to our scaffold.
That's a really good structure, and I love it.
So first, I'm going to add a top bar.
It's going to be, of course, a lambda can there.
And then right after that, I'm going to add the floating action button, which is also going to be
who can add a trailing lambda as well.
And then here is where we're going to have our content.
Now we are able to add this floating action button there.
So here I'm going to have a fab content composable and it's going to be a lambda actually go ahead and
create this composable.
And while I can see we're passing a function about this dysfunction here, I'm going to call this,
this is going to take care of ONTAP such and we're going to pass a string when that happens so that
we can retrieve whatever we need to retrieve.
We'll see that.
All right.
So our fab here, I'm going to say floating action button.
There it is.
And there is the click.
And if you have a over, of course, like any composable, you can see, we're going to pass a lot of
arguments, my fire action shape and so forth, right?
So what we want to do is we want to have a structure such as this so we can have, of course, this
circle with the plus icon.
So, Guy, put a sheep on, say, rounded corners, shave.
And in the past, about 50, someone this really round.
We're glad.
And then I want to pass background color.
And for now, let's say material theme.
And we're going to pass colors, let's say background color like this.
And then inside, I'm going to add an icon and this icon and let's say icons, dot, default dot and
icon or plus sign there and contents.
I'm just going and for the content description here, for visually impaired people, we can say something
like add a book, or perhaps yes, add a book.
And also it can pass a tint color here.
See material theme, see colors that on on secondary like this.
So that means then where we call this, which is right here, we do have our lambda on tap, which means
we can use that.
And this is where we're going to pass something, right?
In this case, the one click is going to pass the string if we need to and go from there.
OK, now we need to make sure that is on tap is called somewhere.
So it's called is our own tap and all we need really at this point, just pass an empty string where
there's really nothing that we want to pass there.
In fact, I can just remove this altogether, say that I don't want to pass anything, just call on
tap.
And as for our content here, let's go ahead and put a service.
I'm going to add a modifier modifier such and I want to fill max size and here we'll add our home content.
All right.
Let's go ahead and give you a run real quick so we hopefully can see something.
And there you have it, just like that, I can see you have that nice button floating action button
at the bottom there.
Now this doesn't look that great because we have, of course, we don't have a nice color there because
I just added the material thing, which is fine, but let's change that real quick manually.
So some of that change of background color here to a hex color that we have so color and then say zero
x half f two CBD f like this and you can see it's going to be this nice color there.
So let's go ahead and run again just to see a nice.
OK, so it looks really nice.
It's got we can go ahead and say something again, like colors.
Don White Cat, and you can see now looks pretty much like, what do we have here?
OK, next, let's go ahead and see if we can at the top what we have here to our top bar.
So it's easy to do that because remember, we have our scaffold and we have our top bar.
So here I can say because I'm going to be using, we're going to be using this top bar in different
places, right?
And we want to make sure that it is customizable depending on the screen.
There are a few things that we're going to change.
So I'm going to create, of course, a separate composable top bar.
So here I'm going to just say and say at composable a function called this reader app bar, and it would
have has a few parameters.
The first one being the title that we're going to pass, right, going to be a string.
And then I'm going to pass a Boolean called show profile because it's like I said, in some places,
I won't need to show a profile.
We'll see.
Going to be a Boolean.
At first, it's going to be.
True, as a default value, and of course, I want to pass out enough controller if need be.
Right?
So inside here, I'm just going to create a top bar.
We do get a top bar composable that comes with compose for a title.
It's going to be a canvas, a lambda there, and it's going to be.
I'm going to add a row because I want to create this structure here and then we can pass actions.
Oops.
Going to be right after this one, let's say actions as such.
OK, so looks like I don't need to pass any lambda like this, OK?
And of course, inside, if you have over a top party, you will see that we can pass elevation, the
background colors and so forth.
Let's pass the background color, so I'm going to make this transparent.
Such an elevation is going to be zero dpi because I don't want to see any elevation whatsoever, and
I like to put things this way first.
That way you can see what are you working with because you will see or as you've noticed in compose,
you are piling up all of the or passing arguments into our composable.
And sometimes can look really funky, very strange.
So putting the structure like this first, all of our arguments as they are like this right now, it
just helps you to see exactly what to fill in.
OK, so now for a title, what I want to do is I want to have this structure here.
I'm going to have an icon and then something like this and then like that.
OK.
So in this case here, I'm just going to go ahead and say for a title, I'm going to put a row first.
So this row I'm going to make it vertical.
It's got you import or row, and I'm going to check if show profile, right?
It's true, then I'm going to add an image or image painter when I use or a painter resource pass an
image that I may have.
So I'm going to say it.
Or are that?
And it looks like our art is not.
So let's say ah, and sometimes takes time to show which are we looking for?
We want this are for resources, for our apps.
Look for the one that has your package name like this.
OK?
Enter can see that drabble such and I want to go and get the I see.
Launcher now, you may not have this, let's go finalize, this will quick.
This is going to be, say, just icon, but at this point actually what it can do.
Instead of adding this icy launcher, I can just add an icon.
All I want really is to have an icon that represent this app so you can create your own icon content
online and find an icon for your app.
I just have one here, and so it's OK.
We don't have to add exactly like that, so I'm going to get rid of this.
So now I'm just going to be the icon and pass our icons default and I want.
Person or a book, do I have a book a book right now?
Let's get this.
I had a favorite.
That's totally fine.
So it doesn't really matter.
And then for the content description here, I'm just going to say logo icon.
All right.
And of course, we can pass modifier here,
and I'm going to clip.
This icon with a rounded corners shape.
I just give 12 dpi all around.
And let's go ahead and scale it down to at least 0.6 or about 60 percent scaling down.
So it's out of if statement here I'm going to put a text.
This text will take the title that we're passing right and we can set it up better.
Give it some adjustments here.
OK, I say color.
And he is a scholar that read not copy and pass an alpha here and 0.7 float just to get that nice right
there.
Let's also give a style, Texas style font weight.
I want this to be a bold and size about $20.
OK, let's go ahead and import that real quick and see if we can call that first of all, inside of
here.
Reader App Bar This title is going to be a dot reader.
Pass our knife controller like this.
Let's go ahead and run this just to see, OK.
It looks really good.
Very small there.
Maybe I can change the scale here.
Make a little bit bigger by the second one.
Okay, let's start again.
Scale up, actually.
OK.
Let's see.
All right, that's fine.
Doesn't really matter because you are going to add your own anyway.
So are we making progress here?
We are creating this structure here at the top.
As you see, we now have the icon, which is different in this, but that's fine.
And then we have a reader then.
Next, we're going to add this sign out button there.